Lesson 3 Notes and reflections
Udacity class on Git and GutHub
Steve M. Potter Dec. 2015

Q1. When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

   A. Especially important if you are working on a project collaboratively. Also, if you are worried about losing a local copy
   of your work due to theft, drive crash, or other lossage. Or if you are working on your project from a variety of computers, some
   of which are not your own. But if you have a super-secret project that should not be leaked out into the public domain, pushing it 
   into the cloud might be a bad idea. 

Q2. Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    A. Something local might get overwritten? I suppose it depends on where the most current changes are being made, locally or on 
    GitHub.

Q3. Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are a respectful way to elaborate on someone else's hard work, without any chance of messing it up. 
    Clones are just local copies of a repository. Or you can clone a GitHub repository onto your local machine.
    Branches are when you want to keep careful track of revision histories, and expect changes to be made by you and perhaps others.

Q4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

  In my current level of ignorance, this only seems to add confusion. I guess it is handy if you need to work offline for a
  while because AT&T is about to charge you $15 for an extra gigabyte of wireless data and your plan clicks over tomorrow. 
  I would much rather just go online and look at what the state of things is on GitHub than try to figure it out based on when I last pulled or fetched or cloned or ???

Q5. How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Without GitHub, I would use Google Docs. Or we could use Google Code, but that is going away.
    Or a bunch of emails and Dropbox perhaps. Or sit in a room with my collaborators and 
    work together perhaps even on a single machine. 
    GitHub makes it easier to keep track of all important changes and who did what. It also keeps it clear who is in charge 
    of merging things into the master branch. There is a lot of lingo to learn with GitHub and a zillion versions of everything 
    in various places at various stages of usability. So one has to be much more careful than if there is a Dictator keeping the master
    and taking all edits and merging them himself.
    

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
