Here are some notes from/for Lesson 2 of the GIT Class.

Q. What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

A. Git creates the .git directory containing the metadata needed to keep track of files and whatnot.
You need to do this so that git can get busy doing its thing.

Q. How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

A. I guess the staging area is a place to group things together that will be committed together later. 
I assume there is only one staging area per repository, and that you don't leave things there uncommitted
for very long.

Q. How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

A. You can use diff to see how many logical changes you made. actually, I have no idea.


Q. What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

A. Branches are helpful whenever a big new approach is being tried out, or the app is taking on a new role.
For example it could be a whole different app or not.  Like when I broke out the Bluetooth debug stuff
from my Sunrisa program. If you have a working version A, you don't want to mess it up totally in trying 
out the new approach. So leave it alone and mess up the branched version.

Q. How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

A. The diagrams ARE the branch structure! Arrows pointing to parents help see what is 'reachable" and what 
is not.

Q. What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

A. It is a decision to make some changes more permanent by putting them in to the master branch.
The result will be  a combination of changes made in both branches since they split.
The diagram helps understand what the parent relationships are.

Q. What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

A. It saves a lot of time and trouble to merge automatically. But if the tree is branchy, it could cause 
loss of important changes. To call out the changed regions makes the manual part not so difficult.


